README.md, before:

# Install

1. Go to the setup page and choose **Game Systems**.
2. Click the **Install System** button, and find the system in the installer list or paste in this manifest link:
    * Foundry 0.7.x: [https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/system.json?job=build-prod](https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/system.json?job=build-prod)
3. Create a Game World using the Dungeon World system.

Compatible with FoundryVTT 0.6.x and 0.7.x.

# Description

Build campaigns in the Dungeon World RPG using Foundry VTT!

# Building the system from source

To build the system from source, you'll need to have node 12 or higher installed so that you can use npm and gulp. Changes made to either the `dist` directory or `system.json` in the root of this repo will be lost when building; you should instead edit the source files within `src`. Of particular note is that the system.json, template.json, and lang files are all originally written in Yaml format for an easier to read and work with syntax. You should make your changes there and build their json equivalents with npm.

## Running builds

To make a new dist build, run the following commands:

```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

Once the build has been completed, you can either copy/paste the dist directory's contents into `<foundryData>/systems/dungeonworld/` or you can symlink the dist directory to that location using your operating system's respective commands for it.

In addition, there are other commands for individual tasks, such as `npm run yaml` for compiling the yaml > json assets only.

## CSS

This project uses SCSS for generating its CSS. This can also be compiled via `npm run build`.

# Screenshots

## Character Sheet
![character sheet](https://mattsmithin.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/assets/dw-0.3.0.png)

## Character Builder
![character builder](https://mattsmithin.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/assets/dw-0.3.0-character-builder.png)

## Level Up
![level up](https://mattsmithin.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/assets/dw-0.3.0-level-up.png)

## Combat Tracker
![combat tracker](https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/uploads/e3ff32b9c9e94c0dd57aeffa7e679e28/image.png)

# Licensing

All HTML, CSS, and JS is licensed under the [MIT license](https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/-/raw/master/LICENSE.txt).

Token artwork created by [Forgotten Adventures](https://www.forgotten-adventures.net/). Support them on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/forgottenadventures)!

Compendium content is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.

In addition, the compendium content uses the OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a. See the [LICENSE-COMPENDIUM.txt](https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/-/raw/master/LICENSE-COMPENDIUM.txt) file for additional details.

Commit message:

Update version string, contributing
- Updated version string to 1.2.4
- Added documentation for contributing to README.md and CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

# Install

1. Go to the setup page and choose **Game Systems**.
2. Click the **Install System** button, and find the system in the installer list or paste in this manifest link:
    * Foundry 0.7.x: [https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/system.json?job=build-prod](https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/-/jobs/artifacts/master/raw/system.json?job=build-prod)
3. Create a Game World using the Dungeon World system.

Compatible with FoundryVTT 0.6.x and 0.7.x.

# Description

Build campaigns in the Dungeon World RPG using Foundry VTT!

# Contributing

This project is accepting issue reports and code merge requests! See the [CONTRIBUTING.MD](https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/-/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) page for details.

## Translations

If you would like to contribute translations directly to the system, they're written using YAML and are under `src/yaml/lang`, and the repo includes build tools to convert them back into JSON. If you prefer writing in JSON, you can convert from JSON to YAML at https://www.json2yaml.com/

## Building the system from source

To build the system from source, you'll need to have node 12 or higher installed so that you can use npm and gulp. Changes made to either the `dist` directory or `system.json` in the root of this repo will be lost when building; you should instead edit the source files within `src`. Of particular note is that the system.json, template.json, and lang files are all originally written in Yaml format for an easier to read and work with syntax. You should make your changes there and build their json equivalents with npm.

## Running builds

To make a new dist build, run the following commands:

```bash
npm install
npm run build
```

Once the build has been completed, you can either copy/paste the dist directory's contents into `<foundryData>/systems/dungeonworld/` or you can symlink the dist directory to that location using your operating system's respective commands for it.

In addition, there are other commands for individual tasks, such as `npm run yaml` for compiling the yaml > json assets only.

## CSS

This project uses SCSS for generating its CSS. This can also be compiled via `npm run build`.

# Screenshots

## Character Sheet
![character sheet](https://mattsmithin.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/assets/dw-0.3.0.png)

## Character Builder
![character builder](https://mattsmithin.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/assets/dw-0.3.0-character-builder.png)

## Level Up
![level up](https://mattsmithin.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/assets/dw-0.3.0-level-up.png)

## Combat Tracker
![combat tracker](https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/uploads/e3ff32b9c9e94c0dd57aeffa7e679e28/image.png)

# Licensing

All HTML, CSS, and JS is licensed under the [MIT license](https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/-/raw/master/LICENSE.txt).

Token artwork created by [Forgotten Adventures](https://www.forgotten-adventures.net/). Support them on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/forgottenadventures)!

Compendium content is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.

In addition, the compendium content uses the OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a. See the [LICENSE-COMPENDIUM.txt](https://gitlab.com/asacolips-projects/foundry-mods/dungeonworld/-/raw/master/LICENSE-COMPENDIUM.txt) file for additional details.
