## Release 1.1.0

## Community Contributions

- Updated German translation (0e7126ca - thanks @Jensenator!)
- Updated French translation (bcdbf023, 8482e4df - thanks @nguyen.mickael!)

## Updates

- #16: Updated equipment to have a new "Equipped" checkbox to represent that
  it's currently equipped. Currently this only matters for the character's
  damage button on the character sheet, but this will eventually be used for
  things such as armor and weight calculation.
- #17: Added damage buttons to chat cards for GM users. This supports applying
  damage in full, 1/2, and 2x increments along with applying it as healing.
  Damage is reduced by armor, which is in turn reduced by piercing. For
  monsters, adding `N piercing` or `ignores armor` to the monster's damage
  description input. For characters, edit one of the character's weapons and
  select the `equipped` checkbox and then add either the `N piercing` or
  `ignores armor` tags to the weapon. This feature does not yet support
  localization due to it using text matching for the piercing and ignores armor
  setting, but resolving that will be a priority. Additionally, this can be
  disabled in the settings menu for the system using the "Enable Damage Buttons"
  setting.
- #66: Added weight calculations for coins (1 weight per 100 coins).
- #68: Added the ability to override the labels for Race, Alignment, and Bonds.
  The overrides for these can be found in the system settings menu, and each
  one can have both its single and plural forms overwritten (such as using
  Background, Drive, and Flags instead).

## Bugfixes

- #51: Fixed an issue where entity links and inline rolls would not render
  properly when placed in move, spell, and equipment descriptions.
- #71: Increased minimum height of TinyMCE text editors to reduce the likelihood
  of editor buttons becoming unusable.
- #73: Refactored the tags system on NPCs and equipment to both resolve a bug
  that prevented removing tags and to improve the user experience when adding
  new tags. Updated the Tagify library powering this to v4.
- #74: Resolved various permission issues related to players using the Mark XP
  button on chat cards they didn't have permission to update (such as if the
  GM rolled a move from the player's sheet).